Things TO-DO on PGME:

Bugs and Known Issues:

    * FIX new typing in find box goes behind clock UI Bug.(minor, self corrects)

    Some DOSBox users have reported the time displayed in PGME and the Clock
    Screen Saver showing times like 26th hour of the day. This is not a bug
    in the time conversion routines in these programs.

    On some hardware, the text flickers in QScroll when upward (backwards)
    scrolling. As a work around, when smooth scrolling is enabled, you can
    toggle just upward scrolling with the "U" key. I have an idea on how to
    reduce the issue. But, that will have to wait until the next release.

    QScroll doesn't do smooth scrolling in my virtual machine! When QScroll
    detects it is running in a virtual machine other than DOSBox, it will
    automatically turn off smooth scrolling. You can try to enable it by
    pressing the "S" key. But, it's doubtful that it will work. The only
    virtual machines I've seen that implement the required VGA features to
    perform smooth scrolling in text mode are based on DOSBox.

Maybe Eventual Improvements:

	Convert PMGE Launcher to assembly.
	General perfomance enhancements.
	Restore all paths on exit.
	Do QDETUNE.
	Import of PMI from within PGME.
	Add prompting and parsing for custom options in menu launchers.
	Add PGME Value as Formatting to Options like %E for eternity path...
	    (for improved program launching flexibility)
	Change searching to search programs in order of appearance, not order of ID.
	Ticker style viewing of really long text when selected or mouse is over.

Todo Someday:

    Improve memory management and ETERNITY memory usage. (It wastes a lot)
	Add Auto-detect of CD/DVD insertion.
	Add more custom themes.
	Add Flip & Flop to EFNTDSGN.
	Add Ability to Click and Draw in EFNTDSGN.
	Make Reboot Utility.
	Multi-Language support inside installer.
	Add color attributes for disabled thumb toggle text.
    Add Read Ahead caching to cache file.
    Improve QScroll upward scrolling flicker on some hardware.
    Add automatic preserving settings for QScroll, TIME and whatever else.
    FR & TR Themes (to support different text lengths)
